Add polling interval section to Tesla Fleet (#38789)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/tesla_fleet.markdown

{% enddetails %}

## Vehicle data polling interval

> The integration is configured to poll each vehicle every 10 minutes while its awake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration is configured to {% term polling poll %} each vehicle every 10 minutes while it's awake.
```
